Facebook Marketing
Marketing Analytics
source icon

Google Ads
Marketing Analytics
source icon

Google Analytics
Marketing Analytics
source icon

Google Sheets
Files
source icon

HubSpot
Marketing Analytics
source icon

MSSQL - SQL Server
Databases
source icon

MySQL
Databases
source icon

PostgreSQL
Databases
source icon

Redshift
Warehouses and Lakes
source icon

S3
Warehouses and Lakes
Destination icon

Salesforce
Sales & Support Analytics
source icon

Snowflake Data Cloud
Warehouses and Lakes
source icon

Webflow
Marketing Analytics
source icon

AWS CloudTrail
Engineering Analytics
source icon

AWS Datalake
Warehouses and Lakes
Destination icon

ActiveCampaign
Marketing Analytics
source icon

Adjust
Product Analytics
source icon

Aha
Product Analytics
source icon

Airtable
Finance & Ops Analytics
source icon

AlloyDB for PostgreSQL
Databases
source icon

Alpha Vantage
Finance & Ops Analytics
source icon

Amazon Ads
Marketing Analytics
source icon

Amazon SQS
Engineering Analytics
source icon

Amazon Seller Partner
Finance & Ops Analytics
source icon

Amplitude
Product Analytics
source icon

Apache Doris
Databases
Destination icon

Apache Iceberg
Databases
Destination icon

Apache Kafka
Databases
source icon

Apify
Others
source icon

App Store
Finance & Ops Analytics
source icon

Appfollow
Product Analytics
source icon

Asana
Finance & Ops Analytics
source icon

Ashby
Engineering Analytics
source icon

Auth0
Engineering Analytics
source icon

Azure Blob Storage
Warehouses and Lakes
Destination icon

Azure Table Storage
Warehouses and Lakes
source icon

Bamboo HR
Finance & Ops Analytics
source icon

BambooHR
Finance & Ops Analytics
source icon

BigCommerce
Finance & Ops Analytics
source icon

BigQuery
Warehouses and Lakes
source icon

BigQuery
Warehouses and Lakes
Destination icon

Bing Ads
Marketing Analytics
source icon

Braintree
Finance & Ops Analytics
source icon

Braze
Marketing Analytics
source icon

Breezometer
Others
source icon

CSV File
Files
Destination icon

CSV File
Files
source icon

Cart
Marketing Analytics
source icon

Chargebee
Finance & Ops Analytics
source icon

Chargify
Finance & Ops Analytics
Destination icon

Chartmogul
Product Analytics
source icon

ClickHouse
Databases
Destination icon

ClickUp
Finance & Ops Analytics
source icon

Clickhouse
Databases
source icon

Clockify
Finance & Ops Analytics
source icon

Close.com
Sales & Support Analytics
source icon

CockroachDB
Databases
source icon

Coda
Sales & Support Analytics
source icon

Coin API
Finance & Ops Analytics
source icon

CoinGecko Coins
Finance & Ops Analytics
source icon

CoinMarketCap
Finance & Ops Analytics
source icon

Commercetools
Finance & Ops Analytics
source icon

ConfigCat
Product Analytics
source icon

Confluence
Finance & Ops Analytics
source icon

ConvertKit
Marketing Analytics
source icon

Convex
Engineering Analytics
source icon

Convex.dev
Databases
source icon

Courier
Engineering Analytics
source icon

Customer.io
Marketing Analytics
source icon

DV 360
Marketing Analytics
source icon

Databricks Lakehouse
Warehouses and Lakes
Destination icon

Datadog
Engineering Analytics
source icon

Delighted
Sales & Support Analytics
source icon

Dixa
Sales & Support Analytics
source icon

Dockerhub
Engineering Analytics
source icon

Drift
Sales & Support Analytics
source icon

Drupal
Marketing Analytics
source icon

DuckDB
Databases
Destination icon

DynamoDB
Databases
Destination icon

DynamoDB
Databases
source icon

E2E Testing
Engineering Analytics
source icon

Elasticsearch
Databases
source icon

Elasticsearch
Databases
Destination icon

EmailOctopus
Marketing Analytics
source icon

Excel File
Files
source icon

Exchange Rates API
Finance & Ops Analytics
source icon

Facebook Pages
Marketing Analytics
source icon

Faker
Others
source icon

Fastbill
Finance & Ops Analytics
source icon

Fauna
Databases
source icon

Feather File
Files
source icon

Firebase
Databases
source icon

Firebolt
Warehouses and Lakes
source icon

Flexport
Finance & Ops Analytics
source icon

Freshcaller
Sales & Support Analytics
source icon

Freshdesk
Sales & Support Analytics
source icon

Freshsales
Sales & Support Analytics
source icon

Freshservice
Marketing Analytics
source icon

GNews
Marketing Analytics
source icon

GetLago
Finance & Ops Analytics
source icon

GitHub
Engineering Analytics
source icon

GitLab
Engineering Analytics
source icon

Glassfrog
Finance & Ops Analytics
source icon

GoCardless
Finance & Ops Analytics
source icon

Google Cloud Storage
Warehouses and Lakes
Destination icon

Google Directory
Finance & Ops Analytics
source icon

Google Pubsub
Databases
Destination icon

Google Search Console
Marketing Analytics
source icon

Google Sheets
Files
Destination icon

Google Webfonts
Others
source icon

Google Workspace Admin Reports
Finance & Ops Analytics
source icon

Greenhouse
Finance & Ops Analytics
source icon

Gridly
Marketing Analytics
source icon

Gutendex
Finance & Ops Analytics
source icon

Harness
Engineering Analytics
source icon

Harvest
Finance & Ops Analytics
source icon

Hubplanner
Finance & Ops Analytics
source icon

IBM Db2
Databases
source icon

IP2Whois
Others
source icon

Instagram
Marketing Analytics
source icon

Intercom
Sales & Support Analytics
source icon

Intruder
Engineering Analytics
source icon

Iterable
Marketing Analytics
source icon

JSON File
Files
Destination icon

JSON File
Files
source icon

Jenkins
Engineering Analytics
source icon

Jira
Engineering Analytics
source icon

K6 Cloud
Engineering Analytics
source icon

Kafka
Databases
Destination icon

Keen
Product Analytics
Destination icon

Klarna
Finance & Ops Analytics
source icon

Klaviyo
Marketing Analytics
source icon

Kustomer
Sales & Support Analytics
source icon

Kyriba
Finance & Ops Analytics
source icon

LaunchDarkly
Product Analytics
source icon

Lemlist
Marketing Analytics
source icon

Lever Hiring
Finance & Ops Analytics
source icon

LinkedIn Ads
Marketing Analytics
source icon

LinkedIn Pages
Marketing Analytics
source icon

Linnworks
Finance & Ops Analytics
source icon

Lokalise
Marketing Analytics
source icon

Looker
Product Analytics
source icon

MSSQL - SQL Server
Databases
Destination icon

Magento
Marketing Analytics
source icon

Mailchimp
Marketing Analytics
source icon

MailerLite
Marketing Analytics
source icon

Mailgun
Marketing Analytics
source icon

Mailjet Email
Marketing Analytics
source icon

Mailjet SMS
Marketing Analytics
source icon

MariaDB Columnstore
Warehouses and Lakes
Destination icon

Marketo
Marketing Analytics
source icon

MeiliSearch
Engineering Analytics
Destination icon

Metabase
Product Analytics
source icon

Microsoft Dataverse
Databases
source icon

Microsoft Dynamics AX
Finance & Ops Analytics
source icon

Microsoft Dynamics Customer Engagement
Sales & Support Analytics
source icon

Microsoft Dynamics GP
Finance & Ops Analytics
source icon

Microsoft Dynamics NAV
Product Analytics
source icon

Microsoft Teams
Finance & Ops Analytics
source icon

Mixpanel
Product Analytics
source icon

MongoDB
Databases
Destination icon

MongoDB
Databases
source icon

My Hours
Finance & Ops Analytics
source icon

MySQL
Databases
Destination icon

N8n
Marketing Analytics
source icon

NASA
Others
source icon

Netsuite
Finance & Ops Analytics
source icon

New York Times
Others
source icon

News API
Others
source icon

Newsdata
Others
source icon

Notion
Finance & Ops Analytics
source icon

Okta
Finance & Ops Analytics
source icon

Omnisend
Marketing Analytics
source icon

OneSignal
Marketing Analytics
source icon

OpenWeather
Others
source icon

Oracle DB
Databases
Destination icon

Oracle DB
Databases
source icon

Oracle PeopleSoft
Finance & Ops Analytics
source icon

Oracle Siebel CRM
Sales & Support Analytics
source icon

Orb
Finance & Ops Analytics
source icon

Orbit.love
Marketing Analytics
source icon

Oura
Others
source icon

Outreach
Sales & Support Analytics
source icon

Pagar.me
Finance & Ops Analytics
source icon

PagerDuty
Engineering Analytics
source icon

Parquet File
Files
source icon

PartnerStack
Marketing Analytics
source icon

PayPal Transaction
Finance & Ops Analytics
source icon

PersistIq
Sales & Support Analytics
source icon

Pexels API
Others
source icon

Pinterest Ads
Marketing Analytics
source icon

Pipedrive
Sales & Support Analytics
source icon

Plaid
Finance & Ops Analytics
source icon

Plausible
Product Analytics
source icon

Pocket
Others
source icon

Pok√©API
Others
source icon

Polygon
Others
source icon

PostgreSQL
Databases
Destination icon

Posthog
Product Analytics
source icon

Postmark App
Marketing Analytics
source icon

PrestaShop
Finance & Ops Analytics
source icon

Primetric
Finance & Ops Analytics
source icon

Public API
Others
source icon

Punk API
Others
source icon

PyPI
Engineering Analytics
source icon

Qualaroo
Marketing Analytics
source icon

QuickBooks
Finance & Ops Analytics
source icon

RD Station Marketing
Marketing Analytics
source icon

REST Countries
Others
source icon

RKI Covid
Others
source icon

RSS
Others
source icon

Railz
Finance & Ops Analytics
source icon

Recharge
Finance & Ops Analytics
source icon

Recreation.gov
Others
source icon

Recruitee
Finance & Ops Analytics
source icon

Recurly
Finance & Ops Analytics
source icon

Redshift
Warehouses and Lakes
Destination icon

Reply.io
Sales & Support Analytics
source icon

Rest Api
Engineering Analytics
source icon

Retently
Sales & Support Analytics
source icon

Rocket.chat
Finance & Ops Analytics
source icon

S3
Warehouses and Lakes
source icon

S3 Glue
Warehouses and Lakes
Destination icon

SAP Business One
Finance & Ops Analytics
source icon

SAP Fieldglass
Finance & Ops Analytics
source icon

SFTP
Files
source icon

SFTP Bulk
Others
source icon

SalesLoft
Sales & Support Analytics
source icon

SearchMetrics
Others
source icon

Secoda
Others
source icon

SendGrid
Marketing Analytics
source icon

Sendinblue
Marketing Analytics
source icon

Senseforce
Others
source icon

Sentry
Engineering Analytics
source icon

Shopify
Finance & Ops Analytics
source icon

Short.io
Marketing Analytics
source icon

Slack
Finance & Ops Analytics
source icon

Smaily
Marketing Analytics
source icon

SmartEngage
Marketing Analytics
source icon

Smartsheets
Files
source icon

Snapchat Marketing
Marketing Analytics
source icon

Snowflake Data Cloud
Warehouses and Lakes
Destination icon

SonarCloud
Engineering Analytics
source icon

SpaceX API
Others
source icon

Spree Commerce
Finance & Ops Analytics
source icon

Square
Finance & Ops Analytics
source icon

Statuspage
Engineering Analytics
source icon

Statuspage.io
Engineering Analytics
source icon

Strava
Others
source icon

Streamr
Engineering Analytics
Destination icon

Stripe
Finance & Ops Analytics
source icon

Sugar CRM
Sales & Support Analytics
source icon

SurveyMonkey
Marketing Analytics
source icon

SurveySparrow
Marketing Analytics
source icon

TMDb
Others
source icon

TVMaze Schedule
Others
source icon

TalkDesk Explore
Sales & Support Analytics
source icon

Tempo
Finance & Ops Analytics
source icon

Teradata
Warehouses and Lakes
Destination icon

The Guardian API
Others
source icon

TiDB
Databases
source icon

TikTok for Business Marketing
Marketing Analytics
source icon

Timely
Finance & Ops Analytics
source icon

Toggl
Finance & Ops Analytics
source icon

Trello
Finance & Ops Analytics
source icon

Twilio
Marketing Analytics
source icon

Twitter
Marketing Analytics
source icon

Tyntec SMS
Marketing Analytics
source icon

Typeform
Marketing Analytics
source icon

Typesense
Engineering Analytics
Destination icon

US Census
Others
source icon

Vantage
Engineering Analytics
source icon

VictorOps
Engineering Analytics
source icon

Visma E-conomic
Finance & Ops Analytics
source icon

Vitally
Sales & Support Analytics
source icon

Waiteraid
Others
source icon

Weatherstack
Others
source icon

Whisky Hunter
Marketing Analytics
source icon

Wikipedia Pageviews
Others
source icon

WooCommerce
Finance & Ops Analytics
source icon

Wordpress
Marketing Analytics
source icon

Workramp
Finance & Ops Analytics
source icon

Wrike
Finance & Ops Analytics
source icon

Yandex Metrica
Marketing Analytics
source icon

YouTube Analytics
Marketing Analytics
source icon

Younium
Finance & Ops Analytics
source icon

Yugabytedb
Databases
Destination icon

Zapier Supported Storage
Marketing Analytics
source icon

Zencart
Finance & Ops Analytics
source icon

Zendesk Chat
Sales & Support Analytics
source icon

Zendesk Sell
Sales & Support Analytics
source icon

Zendesk Sunshine
Sales & Support Analytics
source icon

Zendesk Support
Sales & Support Analytics
source icon

Zendesk Talk
Sales & Support Analytics
source icon

Zenefits
Finance & Ops Analytics
source icon

Zenloop
Sales & Support Analytics
source icon

Zoho CRM
Sales & Support Analytics
source icon

Zoom
Finance & Ops Analytics
source icon

Zuora
Finance & Ops Analytics
source icon

xkcd
Others
source icon
